Okay, I got an assignment in this
module for you and what we're going to
do is run a RabbitMQ instance or
actually, you're going to do that. So we
want to bring up a container running at
RabbitMQ, and we'll probably make use of
this later on. So my goal here is a
couple things. One, to have you do some
independent research. I'm bringing this
up. It's a good way to recap what
we've learned so far in the course,
because it's going to allow you to do
something different. Part of the
assignment is I want you to map all
ports for the rabbit instance with the
management console. So when we're done
with this, we should be able to bring up the
management console and also have the
port's listed. Now, to use multiple points,
I'm going to give you a little hint here.
The - p parameter, you can specify
multiple pair of names there. So what you're
going to need to do is look at the
Rabbit Docker file, and look at
the port that are exposed. So the Rabbit
instance is going to expose several
ports. What we want to do is take the
one for the management console, map
that to 8080 so we can go easily to our
browser on that, and then there's
5671, 5672 if I'm remembering my naming rights. 71
is the TLS connection. 72 is a non
encrypted connection to the RabbitQ.
So we're setting this up so we could
like use it in a Spring Boot or whatever
we want connect to Rabbit with. I'm a Spring
guy, so we're going to be using Spring
Boot, of course, to connect to Rabbit. But
we want to have a usable container with
RabbitMQ running inside of it. Also,
pay special attention to the hostname
parameter. So that's another thing that's
kind of unique about Rabbit. It does give
you some fits, if you don't set that
hostname. By doing all this, we'll
have a usable Rabbit instance that we
can work with. In the next section,
I'll go through exactly the setup and
get into this more, but I want to
challenge you, because the spirit this
will help enforce everything that you've
learned up to this point,
in setting up the mappings, in setting up
the storage, and we're going to expand that
out on that, by doing like multiple ports.
So this is good little exercise, we'll just
go through. Later on this course, we
probably will use RabbitMQ.